Document all configuration options and clarify lakeFS OC is beta (#4552)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/integrations/spark.md

not on the command line or inlined in code where they might be exposed.
{: .note}

## Multi-tiered Spark support

lakeFS support in Spark has three tiers:

* Access lakeFS using the [S3A gateway](#access-lakefs-using-the-s3a-gateway).
* Access lakeFS using the [lakeFS-specific Hadoop
  FileSystem](#access-lakefs-using-the-lakefs-specific-hadoop-filesystem).

> * (**BETA!**) Access lakeFS using lake lakeFS-specific Hadoop FileSystem and

Reviewer: I like the fact that you are adding lakeFSFS + FOC as another support tier and not as a configuration option of lakeFSFS!

Author: ** *For now!* **  

![One day all this will be the default](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7802932/200159298-dac85e7a-5536-45cb-8bfc-6dc2388ae714.png)

The data is now created in lakeFS as new changes in your branch. You can now commit these changes or revert them.

## Using the lakeFS OutputCommitter

This feature is currently **in beta**.  It provides atomic writes and

> increases write performance.

Reviewer: Not part of this review, but are we planning to document the hadoop 3 way of configuring the foc?

Author: Of course.  This is not a current priority.  Also I don't yet know how much I can make it become a default configuration.

</configuration>
```

The lakeFS output committer holds Hadoop working objects on temporary

> branches and merges them back to the output branch when done.  Objects

Reviewer 2: Consider:
```suggestion
The lakeFS output committer holds Hadoop working objects on temporary lakeFS 
branches and merges them back to the destination location when done.
```

Author: Thanks!  Used your change and changed it further to focus even more on branches.

appear atomically: it is not possible for another task to see the output

> path with any set of objects except the entire desired output set.

Reviewer: A suggestion: replace the order of the how and what. the current version starts with how the foc works, but as a user I would rather understand WIFM first (atomicity).

Author: Yup!  So I moved it up to the higher-level "using the lakeFS OC" header -- which already states up-front the advantages.

#### Additional options

> * For old Hadoop versions you might set a default output committer using

Reviewer: Older than 2? what are we saying here, that the foc may work for older hadoop versions?

Author: I'm trying to say "if you're using mapred rather than mapreduce code".  Changed to talk about "mapred" directly.
